Master, do you really want to go through the formalities?
He is just a deadbeat, and I know how happy I am, since I am old and disabled.
Since you have gone, haven't you passed through it yourself?
Once you have a choice, don’t worry,
I am convinced that Mr. Zhang and Cheng Cheng are so elegant.
Otherwise, let me go with you, yes,
I learn by myself.
You have to protect yourself for a while, thank you.
Isn't that madam? What are you doing here for dinner so late?
No, as early as home, you are now,
I was at the company, watching my wife go home with documents,
He should be working while lying down, you didn’t think much about it,
Go somewhere.
Recommended directions